We've come to the end of this course.
It's been a wild ride and I'm glad you stuck with it to the end.
By now, you should have a very full toolbox of new and useful skills.
I hope you're already seeing ways to start using those skills even tomorrow.
Hey, maybe you're already way ahead of me and you're using
those skills in your current project.
In this course, we talked a lot about the theory
and principles behind continuous delivery,
continuous integration, and continuous deployment.
Then we put that theory to work as we talked about,
and even built a complete CI pipeline from commit,
to build, to artifact.
Once we had CI humming,
we built out the entire CD pipeline,
putting out more of that theory to test,
and then raising the tide of confidence of your Dev Team.
Then once we had CI and CD running, building, testing,
analyzing, and deploying, we built up
a monitoring system that alerted us when something failed.
We also set ourselves up for some machine learning and
data science to help us predict future failures.
Wow, with all of these capabilities,
the world had better watch out.
You're ready to take on any problem.